readme.md, before:

## Background
I wanted all the [The Burkiss Way](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Burkiss_Way) mp3s from [RadioEchoes.com](http://radioechoes.com).  In order to get the mp3 urls from the show page, one must click "download mp3", which opens a *second* page (typically in overlay), and that second page has the link.  So I wrote this simple scraper.

## Later on...
I decided to use this project as the basis for a talk with tags as steps & I don't keep the readme up to date on each step. As such the readme **may/will be inaccurate** 'til the end when I'll update it all to reflect the state of the project.

## Usage
:warning: Changes from step to step, watch the talk @todo link to talk :warning:
:point_right: Will update in the end

### Arguments
* show slug: e.g. `a-day-in-the-life-of-dennis-day` for `http://www.radioechoes.com/a-day-in-the-life-of-dennis-day`
### Switches
* `out` *default: `.`*: where to create show directory (if it doesn't exist)
* `skip` *default: `0`*:  offset-- how many to skip (`0` to start with first show i.e. skip none)
* `get` *default: `10`*: how many files to download

## Examples
Download the first 10 Burkiss Ways
```sh
$ ./index.js the-burkiss-way --out . --skip 0 --get 10
# which is the same as...
$ ./index.js the-burkiss-way
```
Download episodes 11-20 of The Six Shooter
```sh
$ ./index.js the-six-shooter -s10
```

## License
GPL 3

## Special Thanks
to duchess & the entire honeyhole team, without whom this wouldn't have been possible

Commit message:

prompt if offset or # to get not specified

readme.md, after:

## Background
I wanted all the [The Burkiss Way](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Burkiss_Way) mp3s from [RadioEchoes.com](http://radioechoes.com).  In order to get the mp3 urls from the show page, one must click "download mp3", which opens a *second* page (typically in overlay), and that second page has the link.  So I wrote this simple scraper.

## Later on...
I decided to use this project as the basis for a talk with tags as steps & I don't keep the readme up to date on each step. As such the readme **may/will be inaccurate** 'til the end when I'll update it all to reflect the state of the project.

## Usage
:warning: Changes from step to step, watch the talk @todo link to talk :warning:
:point_right: Will update in the end

### Arguments
* show slug: e.g. `a-day-in-the-life-of-dennis-day` for `http://www.radioechoes.com/a-day-in-the-life-of-dennis-day`
### Switches
* `out` *default: `.`*: where to create show directory (if it doesn't exist)
* `skip`: offset-- how many to skip (`0` to start with first show i.e. skip none)
* `get`: how many files to download

:information_source: skip & get will be requested if not passed as switches

## Examples
Download the first 10 Burkiss Ways
```sh
$ ./index.js the-burkiss-way --out . --skip 0 --get 10
```
This will prompt you for how many to skip & how many to get
```sh
$ ./index.js the-burkiss-way
```
Download episodes 11-20 of The Six Shooter
```sh
$ ./index.js the-six-shooter -s10 -n10
```

## License
GPL 3

## Special Thanks
to duchess & the entire honeyhole team, without whom this wouldn't have been possible
